[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-3 (#114266)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-hosts-vms-vs-containers.adoc

[id="security-hosts-vms-vs-containers_{context}"]

> = Comparing virtualization and containers
> 
> [role="_abstract"]
> Traditional virtualization provides another way to keep application environments separate on the same physical host. However, virtual machines work in a different way than containers. Virtualization relies on a hypervisor spinning up guest virtual machines (VMs), each of which has its own operating system (OS), represented by a running kernel, and the running application and its dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You should understand the differences between container and VMs to learn the advantages and drawbacks that influence the use cases in which these technologies are typically applied.

Traditional virtualization provides another way to keep application environments separate on the same physical host. However, virtual machines work in a different way than containers. Virtualization relies on a hypervisor spinning up guest virtual machines (VMs), each of which has its own operating system (OS), represented by a running kernel, and the running application and its dependencies.
```
Taken from [Linux Containers Compared to KVM Virtualization](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_enterprise_linux_atomic_host/7/html/overview_of_containers_in_red_hat_systems/introduction_to_linux_containers?extIdCarryOver=true&sc_cid=RHCTN0250000438872#linux_containers_compared_to_kvm_virtualization)

Reviewer: This is the _why_ part, which we area supposed to include. 
Also, I goofed. The _container_ in Line 10 should be _containers_.

Containers can be run inside guest VMs, and there might be use cases where this is
desirable. For example, you might be deploying a traditional application in a
container, perhaps to lift-and-shift an application to the cloud.
Containers can be run inside guest VMs, and there might be use cases where this is desirable. For example, you might be deploying a traditional application in a container, perhaps to lift-and-shift an application to the cloud.

Container separation on a single host, however, provides a more lightweight,
flexible, and easier-to-scale deployment solution. This deployment model is
particularly appropriate for cloud-native applications. Containers are
generally much smaller than VMs and consume less memory and CPU.
Container separation on a single host, however, provides a more lightweight, flexible, and easier-to-scale deployment solution. This deployment model is particularly appropriate for cloud-native applications. Containers are generally much smaller than VMs and consume less memory and CPU.

ifndef::openshift-origin[]

> See link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux_atomic_host/7/html/overview_of_containers_in_red_hat_systems/introduction_to_linux_containers#linux_containers_compared_to_kvm_virtualization[Linux Containers Compared to KVM Virtualization]

Reviewer: Keep link as an additional resources?

Author: kept.
